Chromamunda!

Introduction
It is time to flesh out the rules of the upcoming Chromanaut Necromunda campaign!!!

The campaign will consist of a Dominion campaign, a vicious fight between underhive gangs for the control of territory, corpse-starch and glory!

Mindset
In true Chromanaut spirit, the focus of this campaign is first and foremost the creative and narrative process and secondarily the gaming. The aim of this campaign is to create and tell stories together. When creating your gang, try to build a basic, varied and interesting loadout instead of focusing on min/maxing your gang. That being said, the power-level of individual gangers and equipment varies considerably in Necromunda and we understand that building your gang is a balance between aesthetics and degrees of uselessness. 
However, if faced with a choice between two identical highest tier weapons, or one highest tier and one second highest tier, we strongly encourage you to choose variety. 
The ruleset is very open to create rulebending and overpowered gangs, if you happen to stumble upon an obviously gamey build somewhere in a demented corner of the internet, please refrain from using it in this campaign.

Rule-set
The campaign will be a dominion campaign based on the rule-set described in “https://www.necroraw.ru/”. If both players in a game wish to deviate from the rules you can do so freely if both agree. However, the necroraw rules trump deviations. As an example, if one player wants to use a custom process for setting up the battlefield, and the other player wants to use the rules as described in necroraw, the necroraw rules must be followed. 
If you disagree about the rules, and an arbitrator is nearby, he can be consulted, the decision of an arbitrator is final. Consulting an arbitrator requires the decision of both players, any disagreement can be resolved with a dice roll.

Dates and time-frames
The opening ceremony of the campaign will be held Saturday the 09/11/2024, at 10:00. At this date and time, the number of territories and territory types will be decided. In addition, the ambition is that as many as possible can play their first game in the campaign. 
Each cycle, except the downtime will last one month, downtime will last a week. Each player is expected to play two games in each cycle. 
The closing ceremony will be held Saturday the 17/05/25 at 10:00.



Cycles
In each cycle when challenging an opponent, you can only challenge unchallenged opponents. Each player can only make one challenge in each cycle. The aim is that each player plays two games pr cycle. If, for unforeseen reasons, all players have been challenged, an opponent can be challenged a second time but is free to decline this challenge without penalty. 

Post-Battle sequence
Overview of the territories is the responsibility of the arbitrator. The rest of the post-battle sequence is the responsibility of the individual player. 

When assigning/reassigning territory, send a message via messenger to Alexander in order to register the result. If you do not send a message, the result is annulled, and the rest of the post action sequence is to be annulled as well. If two pairs of players fight over the same territory, the one who send the first message, get to assign the territory and the second pair of players must chose a different territory.

How to participate
Send a messenger message to Alexander, which includes a picture of your gang(does not have to be painted, but must be assembled) and the gang faction. In addition, a payment of 100 kr must be send to the mobilepay box: 6442XD and named chromamunda with your name as a note.
The gang picture, as well as gang and player first name name will be announced in the Chromanaut facebook group. 

Prizes and closing ceremony
The entry fee payed by the participants will be spend on prizes. 2/3 of the prize-money will be spend on an award for the best sculpted and painted gang, 1/3 of the prize-money will be spend on  an award to the player with the most triumphs, as described in the ‘running the campaign’ section of the necroraw rules. 

A closing ceremony will be held Saturday the 17/05/25 at 10:00. when all cycles have been played. Every player is invited to show up with the gang used in the campaign. The gangs will be judged based on the quality of painting, kitbashing and sculpting. One winner will be decided. 

Physical resources
Thanks to Alvaro, Paul and Jakob, we have tables, and terrain at the atrium at Chromanaut. Feel free to use these. Only use stuff that is marked as free to use and only use them within the confines of our cave. 

Online resources
Ruleset: Highly encourage you to read the rules, and campaign section for the dominion campaign. 
https://www.necroraw.ru/

Gangbuilding: Makes it a lot easier to build and manage your gangs. 
https://www.yaktribe.games/

General principles
Weapons load-out and armor must be obvious, if this is not obvious on your miniature, it is you responsibility to inform your opponent of deviations before game start. If asked, you are obliged to give correct information regarding weapon and armor load-out, but not wargear. 

Tactics cards
A tactics cards deck consists of 12 cards. 
Tactics cards: Click, dangerous footing and history of violence have been banned. 

Suggestions for alternative scenarios
53. Meat for the grinder.
75. Dome rush.
88. Market Mayhem.

Palanite enforcers
Can have territories.

Ending note
The initial aim of this campaign is for us to learn the rules, afterwards, when people feel comfortable, additional rules such as house favors and subplots might be added. The rules are complicated, and the first games will take a lot of time and require patience. 
Necromunda was never designed to be a balanced game. 
When the games begin, it is very difficult not to become competitive, but it is essential to remember that the game is not designed to balance the gangs, the matchups or the weapons. There is a very big strategic element to the game, but in some games the odds are so heavily against you that success might simply be to reduce the number of gang members that get taken out.



